Crafty, copyright 1996-2011 by Robert M. Hyatt, Ph.D., Associate Professor
of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Alabama at Birmingham.

Crafty is a team project consisting of the following members.  These are
the people involved in the continuing development of this program, there
are no particular members responsible for any specific aspect of Crafty,
although R. Hyatt wrote 99%+ of the existing code, excepting the Magic .
move stuff by Pradu Kaanan, egtb.cpp written by Eugene Nalimov, and the 
epd stuff written by S. Edwards.

    Robert Hyatt, University of Alabama at Birmingham.
    Tracy Riegle, Hershey, PA.
    Peter Skinner, Edmonton, AB  Canada.

All rights reserved.  No part of this program may be reproduced in any
form or by any means, for other than your personal use, without the
express written permission of the authors.  This program may not be used
in whole, nor in part, to enter any computer chess competition without
written permission from the authors.  Such permission will include the
requirement that the program be entered under the name "Crafty" so that
the program's ancestry will be known.

Copies of the source must contain the original copyright notice intact.

Any changes made to this software must also be made public to comply with
the original intent of this software distribution project.  These
restrictions apply whether the distribution is being done for free or as
part or all of a commercial product.  The authors retain sole ownership
and copyright on this program except for 'personal use' explained below.

Personal use includes any use you make of the program yourself, either by
playing games with it yourself, or allowing others to play it on your
machine,  and requires that if others use the program, it must be clearly
identified as "Crafty" to anyone playing it (on a chess server as one
example).  Personal use does not allow anyone to enter this into a chess
tournament where other program authors are invited to participate.  IE you
can do your own local tournament, with Crafty + other programs, since this
is for your personal enjoyment.  But you may not enter Crafty into an
event where it will be in competition with other programs/programmers
without permission as stated previously.